1st July
- Fixed fleeing by removing battle_stats Player attribute and replacing with flee_attempts
- Removed "owner" as argument to new starter Pokemon (when lose to Johnson)
- Added deletion of storage directories if no saved data


2nd July
- Noticed bug - when loading game, pokemon are duplicated. Still only one PICKLE file. I think maybe it's something to do with reappending Pokemon objects
to Player party. Does pickling an object pickle sub-objects?
- I should only create directory on save, not on new game

3rd July
- Nidoran still not working due to move details non index. Same issue will exist for Farfetchd and Mr Mime

4th July
- Issue with Pokemon fainting. WHen its healed it then wins battles instantly - pokemon centre needs to set fainted to False
- fleeing does not work
- move details accuracy infinite symbol not working
- pokemon gain experience when fainting?!


Took check_pokemon_fainted out of battle class

Need to make sure that when a sixth pokemon is added, they get sent to PC

moved Player and NPC as subclasses to Person
added battle_trainer
integrated new battle module around the code
added pokemart and money
rebuilt main loop so that it fitted do location model +
allowed user to view pokemon + items
added computer storage of pokemon

still need to add switch active pokemon outside of battle
deposit pokemon in storage
earn money from NPCs
continue thinking about using os.system("cls") to make battles
visually better. could add static health bar for both pokemon
at top of each screen. should also make sure invalid input
causes a loop back to "What would you like to do?" rather than
re-displaying all options

withdraw / deposit multiple pokemon

more gyms, keep track of meetings

bug - Xing out of computer or in fact any menu
maybe need to show options more often. when invalid input detected it's okay not to show options again
but otherwise probably should
no longer possible to quit game

add more NPCs and wild pokes
why is rival appearing to win starter battle even when he loses?
search for pokemon not working
adding verbosity to settings
don't think fleeing works

should not be able to switch fainted pokemon into active pokemon slot
once a trainer has been initiated, should they stay the same?
add full restore

saying pokemon went from one lev to another when they did not
fixed issue with fully evolved pokemon not levelling up
pp currently restored on level up
kakuna and metapod guaranteed move works
added in ability to learn moves on level up (new_move_protocol function)
add fast exp gain to settings
weedle did not try to learn harden when it evolved - fixed!
fixed issue with pokemon trying to learn all moves again
fixed issue with pokemon search - something to do with imports

npc to teach previously rejected moves
